La ru ra ri ra ra
I’m going
The world is too vast—where should I head?
No matter who I ask,
they just shake their heads, not knowing.
On the other side
of this ocean I’ve yet to see,
What could be waiting there?
They say the sky is covered
with pitch-black clouds,
That it never clears.
And deep in the thick, dense forest,
It's said that terrifying monsters dwell.
People won't venture toward a future
they can't imagine themselves,
With rumors and legends,
they wipe it off the map.
Tomorrow will be a new continent,
different from today.
No matter who tries to stops me,
I'm setting off now.
I’ll take on all the high waves.
Those who have dreams, follow me!
I’m not denying life here,
But isn’t there an
even more amazing world out there?
Rather than suppressing
that curiosity and ambition,
Wouldn’t you rather
go out and find out for sure?
If a storm rages in that land,
We’ll wait until the blue skies return.
Hopes we easily wished for
Won’t fall into our hands.
That’s why we move forward,
Because when we’re young,
we’re allowed to fail that much more.
No matter how many times we lose our way,
we can always turn back.
Even if tomorrow doesn’t work out,
the day after tomorrow will still come.
Let’s set sail as we please.
People won't venture toward a future
they can't imagine themselves
With rumors and legends,
they wipe it off the map.
Tomorrow will be a new continent,
different from today.
No matter who tries to stops me,
I'm setting off now.
I’ll take on all the high waves.
Those who have dreams, follow me!
Whatever hardship we may face,
I'll be your shield.
Those who have dreams, follow me!